Generic Terms and Conditions template Terms and Conditions ("Terms")
Last updated: 

Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the http://www.mywebsite.com (change this) website and the My Mobile App (change this) mobile application (the "Service") operated by My Company (change this) ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms ap ply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the  Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree
with any part of the terms th
en you may not access the Service.
Purchases
If you wish to purchase any p
roduct or service made available through the Service ("Purchase"),
you may be asked to supply ce
rtain information relevant to your Purchase including, without
limitation, your ...
The Purchases section is fo
r businesses that sell online (physical or digital). For the full
disclosure section, create your own Terms and Conditions.
​
Subscriptions
Some parts of the Service ar
e billed on a subscription basis ("Subscription(s)"). You will be billed in
advance on a recurring ...
The Subscriptions section is 
for SaaS businesses. For the full disclosure section, create your own Terms and Conditions.

Content
Our Service allows you to po
st, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information,
text, graphics, videos, or other 
material ("Content"). You are responsible for the ...
The Content section is for bu
sinesses that allow users to create, edit, share, make content on
their websites or apps. For
 the full disclosure section, 
​
create your own Terms and Conditions
​
.
Links To Other Web Sites
Our Service may contain link
s to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled
by 
​
My Company (change this).
My Company (change this)
​
 has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content,
privacy policies, or practices o
f any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and
agree that 
​
My Company (cha
nge this)
​
 shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any
damage or loss caused or all
eged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any
such content, goods or service
s available on or through any such web sites or services.
Changes
We reserve the right, at our s
ole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a
revision is material we will try 
to provide at least 
​
30 (change this)
​
 days' notice prior to any new terms
taking effect. What constitutes 
a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
Contact Us
If you have any questions ab
out these Terms, please contact us.
